PROJECT NAME:
GitHub Test Automation Collaboration

SPRINT NAME:
Etsy

SPRINT TIME SPAN:
Kick off  : 07/01/2021
Terminate : 07/06/2021
6 days SPRINT(end of the sprint we can discuss our "lessons learn" at weekly meeting-->Tuesday 21.00)

DESCRIPTION:
-This testcases are for practicing Test Automation over the VCS collaboration among our team.
-Clone the repository to your local repo.
-Choose a TC and make the team members know which case belongs to you. (Use comment feature and DISCORD)
-Create your class name respective to your test case(will be assigned to you).
    "TC"+TC NO + TCNAME + GitHubAccountName (add UnderScores inbetween)
    (exp: TC001Login_uguryilmazer)
-Everybody will create a branch and work on it. I will have the master branch. Then we will merge one by one all
 branches to the master and finally create our test case folder.
-Please practice fetch, commit, push and pull request.

CAUTION:
- Please push your TC with your branch, NOT master branch!
- Update your project before you start working TC

PRE CONDITIONS:
- There will be a pom.xml file in which the necessary dependencies has already been added
- .gitignore file is set and ready.
- Make sure your computer language is English.

TEST CASES:

Test Case 001 : Jewelry & Accessories
	1. Go to Etsy.com ( Chrome and Firefox only )
	2. Click on "Jewelry & Accessories" product category title
	3. Select "Free Shipping" checkbox from under the "Special offers" options on the left
	4. Verify that the checkbox is selected and current url contains "free_shipping=true"
Test Case 002 : Clothing & Shoes
	1.Go to Etsy.com ( Chrome and Firefox only )
	2.Click on "Clothing & Shoes" product category title
	3.Select "1 business day" checkbox from under the "Ready to ship in" options on the left
	4.Verify that the checkbox is selected and current url contains "max_processing_days=1"
Test Case 003 : Home & Living
	1.Go to Etsy.com ( Chrome and Firefox only )
	2.Click on "Home & Living" product category title
	3.Sort results by "Lowest Price" by selecting from the dropdown ("Sort by: Relevancy") on the right side
	4. Verify that visible text of the selected filter of the dropdown is "Sort by: Lowest Price" and url contains "order=price_asc"
Test Case 004 : Wedding & Party
	1.Go to Etsy.com ( Chrome and Firefox only )
	2.Click on "Wedding & Party" product category title
	3.Click the inputbox the placeholder text of which is "Low" under Price option on the right side
	4.Verify that "Custom" radio button is selected after inputbox is clicked
Test Case 005 : Toys & Entertainment
	1.Go to Etsy.com ( Chrome and Firefox only )
	2.Click on "Toys & Entertainment" product category title
	3.Verify that "Green" option is not visible under Color option on the right side
	4.Click on "Show more" under color options
	5.Verify that Green" option is visible
	6.Select "Green" option
	7.Verify that Green" option is selected
Test Case 006 : search white board
	1. Go to Etsy.com ( Chrome and Firefox only )
	2. Enter "white board" in the search box
	3. Click on the search button
	4. Click and open the first search result
	5. Click on "Add to cart" button
	6. Verify that there is "1 item in your cart".
	7. Remove product from cart by clicking on "Remove"
	8. Verify that the cart is empty
Test Case 007 : Arts & Collectibles
	1.Go to Etsy.com
	2.Click on "Arts & Collectibles" category title
	3.Select "Europe" under Shop location options on the left side
	4.Verify that "Europe" is selected
	5.Click on the textbox and enter "Turkey"
	6.Click on ">" sign(arrow)
	7.Verify that "Turkey" option is selected
Test Case 008 : Craft Supplies & Tools
	1.Go to Etsy.com
	2.Click on "Craft Supplies & Tools" category title
	3.Click on "Paper, Party & Kids" subcategory on the left
	4.Verify that current url contains "craft-supplies-and-tools/paper-party-and-kids"
	5.Select "Baby shower" option under "Occasion" options
	6.Verify that it is selected
Test Case 009 : search sunglasses - Handmade
	1.Go to Etsy.com
	2.Enter "sunglasses" in the search box
	3.Click on "All Filters" on the left side
	4.Click on "Handmade" option under Item type title
	5.Click on "Apply" button
	6.Click and open the first product which is on the top-left, among results
	7.Verify that "Handmade" expression is available under Highlights mini-title in the product detail page
Test Case 010 :	Add to cart
	1.Go to "https://www.etsy.com/listing/955159345/retro-rectangle-vintage-sunglasses"
	2.Click on "Add to cart" button
	3.Verify that the warning message "Please select a color" is visible above "Add to cart" button
	4.Select "Black" from Primary Color options
	5.Verify that "Black" is selected
	6.Click on "Add to cart" button
	7.Verify that current url starts with "https://www.etsy.com/cart/?show_cart"
Test Case 011:
	1.Go to Etsy.com
	2.Click on "Vintage" category
	3.Select "China" option under "Ship to" options
	4.Verify that "China" is selected and current url contains "ship_to=CN".
Test Case 012:
	1.Go to Etsy.com
	2.Search for "living room furniture"
	3.Click on "All Filters" on the left side
	3.Select "Can be gift-wrapped" and "Customizable" options under "Ordering options"
	4.Click on "Apply" button
	5.Verify that "Can be gift-wrapped X" and "Customizable X" are there below "All Filters" label

- Inform team-leads via discord
- Execute test case with IntelliJ IDE (create commit history then Push or Pull Request)
- Use TestNG as a tool

NOTES:
- Usage of "BeforeMethod, AfterMethod, AfterClass" methods are strongly advised.
- Assert methods should be used
- If any offers or suggestions about Sprint, please inform us for updating test plan.

